Add `LIBUSB_ENABLE_UDEV` option (#20)
libusb/libusb-cmake: CMakeLists.txt

option(LIBUSB_ENABLE_LOGGING "Enable Logging" ON)
option(LIBUSB_ENABLE_DEBUG_LOGGING "Enable Debug Logging" OFF)

> option(LIBUSB_ENABLE_UDEV "Enable udev in linux" ON)

Reviewer: no point defning this option for other systems
```suggestion
if(CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME MATCHES "Linux")
    option(LIBUSB_ENABLE_UDEV "Enable udev backend for device enumeration" ON)
endif()
```

    )
    if(CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME MATCHES "Linux")
        target_sources(usb-1.0 PRIVATE
        "${LIBUSB_ROOT}/os/linux_usbfs.c"
        "${LIBUSB_ROOT}/os/linux_usbfs.h"
        )

>         target_compile_definitions(usb-1.0 PRIVATE -D_GNU_SOURCE)

Reviewer: not sure it should be here - in the CMake script at all
need to consider it properly
in any case - do not add it as part of this PR

    )
    if(CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME MATCHES "Linux")
        target_sources(usb-1.0 PRIVATE

>         "${LIBUSB_ROOT}/os/linux_usbfs.c"
>         "${LIBUSB_ROOT}/os/linux_usbfs.h"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "${LIBUSB_ROOT}/os/linux_usbfs.c"
            "${LIBUSB_ROOT}/os/linux_usbfs.h"
```
